# Sysrev Terms of Use

## Preamble

By using this website, sysrev.com, the Sysrev platform, or any associated technologies, you accept the Terms of Use contained herein and represent that you are at least eighteen (18) years old and have the authority to bind yourself, or the company you represent, to these Terms of Use.  Please read the Terms of Use carefully.

- Right to Change: These Terms of Use are intended and understood to be a living document, subject to change at Insilica’s sole discretion.  Whenever this document is updated, Insilica will employ commercially reasonable efforts to alert User.

- Registration:  When registering for Sysrev, you must provide complete and accurate information and ensure that information (as well as any additional information we request in order to, amongst other things, properly declare payments for tax purposes) is complete, accurate, and up-to-date at all times.

- You are solely responsible for maintaining the security and secrecy of your password, as well as any use or action taken under your account.  If your password is compromised, you must change your password.  You may not permit any other person or entity to request or perform actions within Sysrev using your account.  If you believe there is an error or unauthorized transaction, or activity associated with your account, contact us immediately.

## Definitions

- “Sysrev Platform” - The Sysrev Platform, and all its underlying technologies and intellectual materials, are the sole property of Insilica, LLC.  Available at Sysrev.com, the Sysrev Platform allows for the efficient extraction of data from documents.

- “Public”, “Private” “Sysrev” - A Sysrev is an individual project within the Sysrev Platform, wherein “Reviewers” review a corpus of documents for specific information, as designated by a “Sponsor”.  Public Sysrevs are publically listed on and  accessible via the Sysrev Platform.  While Public Reviews, and their data, are viewable, users must be a “Project Member” to affect any Sysrev. Private Sysrevs are not publicly listed and require an invitation.  Future iterations of Private Sysrevs may require a password for access.  Sponsors of Private Sysrevs have full discretion as to 1) which documents are reviewed, 2) which information is to be extracted, and 3) the rate, at which, if any, reviewers are to be paid.

- “Reviewer”, “Contract Reviewer” - A “Reviewer” is an individual who reviews documents for specific information, as designated by a Sponsor.”  A “Contract Reviewer” is paid by Sponsors for their reviews.

- “Sponsor” - an individual or organization who conducts Sysrevs on the Sysrev Platform.

- “Project Member” - any individual associated with a particular Sysrev(s), whether as a Reviewer, Contract Reviewer, or Sponsor, whereby the individual has specific permissions to affect the said Sysrev, as defined by the Sponsor(s).

- “Review” - the act of reviewing an individual document, identifying the information designated by the Sponsor, and submitting the result.

- “Sysrev Resources” - Insilica may make available certain software, application programming interfaces, services, documents, sample Reviews, and related materials and information related to the usage of Sysrev and proper conducting of Reviews (collectively, “Sysrev Resources”).

## Sponsor Agreement

- 1\. AGREEMENT OBJECTIVES; TERMS OF SERVICE.  This Sponsor Agreement, a subsection of the Sysrev Terms of Use, contains additional terms and conditions that apply to Insilica and Sponsor as a result of the approved use of the Sysrev Platform.  The purpose of this agreement is to 1) create Public and/or Private Sysrevs for topics of Sponsors choosing, 2) for Sponsor’s employees, “Contract Reviewers”, or the public to train and utilize the Sysrev product, and 3) for Sysrev to extract relevant data from a corpus of documents chosen by Sponsor.

- 2\. PARTNER OBLIGATIONS.

    - 2.1 Initiating a Sysrev: Within the Sysrev Platform, Sponsor, at its sole discretion, will initiate  Public and/or Private Sysrev(s).  Sponsor is able to initiate and maintain as many Sysrevs as they deem necessary.  Sponsors are also responsible for uploading documents for review, and designating information and/or data for extraction.

    - 2.2 Contract Reviewers Finances: Sponsor, as its sole discretion, for each Sysrev, will designate from within the Sysrev Platform, the terms and conditions regarding any payment to Contract Reviewers.  Contract Reviewers are independent contractors who conduct reviews on the Sysrev Platform.  SPONSOR IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO FINANCE CONTRACT REVIEWERS FOR PRIVATE OR PUBLIC SYSREVS.

      Insilica will make available to Sponsor, via the Sysrev Platform, a means through which Sponsor can deposit funds into their Sysrev account for the payment of Contract Reviewers.   Insilica may use the services of any proprietary or third party means, solution, product, or platform in association with the payment to Contract Reviewers for Reviews financed by Sponsors (collectively, “Payment Methods”).  By utilizing any payment methods within the Sysrev Platform, User agrees to all associated terms and conditions.

      In order to finance Contract Reviewers for a given Sysrev, Sponsor must have sufficient funds in their Sysrev account.  Furthermore, Sponsor, within the Sysrev Platform, must designate 1) a price per review, 2) a total expenditure for the given Private Sysrev, and 3) set Compensation rates for each user via an optional default rate for users joining the project or a custom rate for each user.  Upon fulfillment of these requirements, Sponsor fully authorizes Insilica to hire and remit payment to Contract Reviewers for the associated tasks as defined by Sponsor with the funds allocated in Sponsor’s Sysrev account.

      In absence of any payment to Contract Reviewers, Insilica will operate the Sysrev under the assumption that only the Sponsor’s own employees/agents and/or the public are acting as Reviewers.

    - 2.3 Feature Development: Sponsor does NOT have any right to directly affect the Sysrev product, its source code, or any other tangible component of the system.  Sponsor, at its sole discretion, has the option to explore the development of additional features for the Sysrev product.  If a feature is identified, Sponsor shall work with Insilica to develop a scope for the feature.  If scope, cost, and timeline are mutually agreed upon, the actual development of the feature will be governed by an additional SOW(s) and conducted at Insilica’s sole discretion.

- 3\. INSILICA OBLIGATIONS.

    - 3.1 Sysrev Hosting: Insilica will maintain and host Sysrevs for each topic as designated by Sponsor within the Sysrev Platform.  At Sponsor’s sole discretion, the Sponsor’s logo, and/or other marks, may be displayed on individual Sysrev(s).

    - 3.2 Contract Reviewers: Insilica will manage and pay Contract Reviewers according to the Framework chosen by Sponsor, detailed in Section 2.2.  Insilica will have all rights and obligations associated with the proper payment of Public Reviewers.

    - 3.3 Advertising: Insilica is under no obligation to advertise any specific Private Sysrev.  Any relationship wherein Insilica advertises Private Sysrev’s on behalf of Sponsor will be governed by additional SOWs.

- 4\. NON-EXCLUSIVITY.  This agreement does not create an exclusive agreement between Insilica and Sponsor.  Both Insilica and Sponsor have the right to enter into a similar agreement with similar companies and service providers.

- 5\. TRADEMARKS.  By uploading mark into the Sysrev platform, the Sponsor asserts they have the legal authority to grant permission to the Marks utility and assumes any potential liability associated with its use on the Sysrev Platform.  Sponsor grants Insilica a non-exclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free right to use and display the Sponsor’s trademarks, service markets, and logos (“Marks”), as designated by the Sponsor.  Insilica further has the right to market its partnership, utilizing Sponsor’s Marks, on its website and relevant social media pages and press releases.  Sponsor has the right to market its partnership, utilizing Insilica’s Marks, on its website and relevant social media pages and press releases in a manner that does not harm the Marks or business of either Party.  Both parties retain exclusive proprietary rights of their respective Marks.

  Any termination of this Sponsor Agreement by either party terminates any and all rights to utilize Marks.

- 6\. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.  No license to any software is granted by this agreement.  Insilica retains all ownership rights of the Sysrev product and associated technologies.  Sponsor agrees not to copy, rent, lease, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Sysrev product and associated technologies.

  Per the nature of the services inherent to this Sponsor Agreement, “Materials” will be created by the authorized use of Insilica’s technologies.  These Materials include any data generated via the approved execution of a Private Sysrev.  This Material is the exclusive property of Sponsor, unless equivalently created due to the natural progression of a non-associated Sysrev.  Insilica will provide such Materials in an electronic form ready for use by Sponsor, including any documentation required to permit its utilization.  Sponsor retains their pre-existing rights to any resources uploaded into the Sysrev Platform.

- 7\. PAYMENT AND INVOICING.

    - 7.1 Public Sysrev: There is no charge associated with the hosting and operation of Public Sysrevs.

    - 7.2 Private Sysrev: In order to Sponsor a Private Sysrev, the Sponsor must have a ‘Private Sysrev Subscription’, whereby the Sponsor can initiate a number of Private Sysrevs, as designated within the Sysrev Platform.  Sponsor agrees to pay Insilica the “contract rate” associated with the Private Sysrev Subscription, as designated within the Sysrev Platform.  Insilica may, at its sole discretion, change the cost, payment plan, or means of financial transaction, associated with Private Sysrev Subscription.  Insilica will make the cost, plan, and means of transaction readily available on each web-page, within the Sysrev platform, associated with the payment of Private Sysrev Subscriptions.  At its sole discretion, Sponsor may choose to terminate its Private Sysrev Subscription, at which time Sponsor will lose access to any Private Sysrevs.  Upon termination, the Sponsor will be refunded for the pro-rated remainder of the billing cycle.

      If Sponsor lapses in payment, Sponsor will lose access to Private Sysrevs.  Sponsor will maintain access to any Public Sysrevs, or Private Sysrevs for which they function as a Reviewer of Contract Reviewer.  Upon proper payment of any debts to lapsed payments, Sponsor will be able to access Private Sysrevs in the Sponsor role.

    - 7.3 Contract Reviewers: Sponsor, at its sole discretion, for each topic, can elect to utilize Contract Reviewers.  As detailed in Section 2.2 and at its sole discretion, Sponsor is responsible for maintaining sufficient funds for Contract Reviewers in their Sysrev account.  Insilica is responsible for all rights and obligations associated with the remittance of payment to Contract Reviewers.

    - 7.4 Billing: By initiating a Private Sysrev Subscription within the Sysrev Platform, Sponsor agrees to pay Insilica the contract rate as detailed on the Sysrev Platform.  Insilica will make available to Sponsor, via the Sysrev Platform, a means through which Sponsor can remit payment for the Private Sysrev Subscription.   Insilica may use the services of any proprietary or third party means, solution, product, or platform in association with the payment to Contract Reviewers for Reviews financed by Sponsors (collectively, “Payment Methods”).  By utilizing any payment methods within the Sysrev Platform, User agrees to all associated terms and conditions.

- 8\. TERM AND TERMINATION.
    - 8.1 Agreement in Entirety: This agreement is for twenty-four (24) months beginning on the Effective Date.  Both Insilica and Sponsor may terminate this agreement without cause by giving fifteen (15) days written notice to the other party.  If this agreement is terminated by Insilica, Sponsor is NOT obligated to pay for the billing period which contains the date of termination notice.  Upon termination by either Party, Insilica will remove all mention of Sponsor from Sysrev.com within ten (10) business days.  Insilica retains all rights to maintain and host individual Sysrevs for any and all topics chosen by Sponsor, assuming all relevant Marks and other mentions have been removed.

    - 8.2 Individual Sysrevs: Sponsor may terminate any given Sysrev, without affecting 1) other Sysrevs or 2) this Sponsor Agreement in its entirety, without cause through the Sysrev Platform.  Upon termination by Sponsor, a Private Sysrev will be made inaccessible via the Sysrev platform for any users.  Insilica retains all rights to maintain and host Public Sysrevs for any and all topics chosen by Sponsor, assuming all relevant Marks and other mentions have been removed.

## Contract Reviewer Agreement

- 1\. AGREEMENT OBJECTIVES; TERMS OF SERVICE.  This Contract Reviewer Agreement, a subsection of the Sysrev Terms of Use, contains additional terms and conditions that apply to Insilica and User as a result of the approved use of the Sysrev Platform.  The purpose of this agreement is detail the terms and conditions associated with User’s role as a Contract Reviewer within the Sysrev Platform.

- 2\. Insilica’s Role.  The Sysrev Platform is a portal where in Contract Reviewers are tasked with identifying and extracting data from a variety of documents.  Unless Insilica is the “Sponsor” of a Sysrev, Insilica is not involved in the selection of documents to be reviewed.  Insilica has no control over the quality or legality of uploaded documents or the ability of Contract Reviewers to perform the reviews.  Insilica is responsible for managing the relationships with Sponsors, including but not limited to verifying their ability to pay for reviews.  Insilica is not responsible for the actions of any Contract Reviewer or performing any screening of Contract Reviewers.

- 3\. Use Of Site.  As a Contract Reviewer, you agree that: 1) you will interact with Sponsors in a professional and courteous manner, and provide reasonably requested information in connection with your performance of tasks, 2) you will use your human intelligence or independent judgement to perform Reviews, 3) you will not use robots, scripts, or other automated methods as a substitute for your human intelligence or independent judgement to perform Reviews, 4) you will supply complete and accurate information for all Reviews you perform, 5) you will not perform Reviews for Sponsors through media other than Sysrev (unless expressly permitted by Insilica), 6) Sponsors may reject your Reviews for good cause, and 7) if you are not a resident or citizen of the United States, you will perform all Reviews outside of the United States

    - 3.1 Work For Hire: Any work product from Reviews that you perform as a Contract Reviewer is a “work made for hire” for the benefit of the Sponsor, and if a “Sponsored Public Review”, the Public.  You agree that 1) all ownership rights, including all intellectual property rights, will vest to either the Sponsor or Insilica, as dictated by the “Sponsor Agreement” between the Sponsor and Insilica, and 2) you waive all moral or other proprietary rights that you may have in that work product.  To the extent any ownership rights do not vest to Insilica or the Sponsor under applicable law, you hereby assign or exclusively grant (without the right to any compensation) all right, title, and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in that work product to either the Sponsor or Insilica, as dictated by the Sponsor Agreement between the Sponsor and Insilica.

    - 3.2 Independent Contractor: Contract Reviewers perform Reviews as requested by Sponsors in their personal capacity as an independent contractor and not as an employee of a Sponsor or Insilica.  As a Contract Reviewer, you agree that 1) you are responsible for and will comply with all applicable laws and registration requirements, including those applicable to independent contractor and maximum working hours regulations, 2) this Agreement does not create an associate, joint venture, partnership, franchise, or employer/employee relationship between you and Sponsors, or you and Insilica, 3) you will not represent yourself as an employee or agent of a Sponsor or Insilica, 4) you will not be entitled to any of the benefits that a Sponsor or Insilica make available to its employees, such as vacation pay, sick leave, and insurance programs, including group health insurance or retirement benefits, and 5) you are not eligible to recover worker’s compensation benefits in the event of an injury.

    - 3.3 Policies and Site Access: Your right to use Sysrev is limited to your use and you are only authorized to use it in connection with 1) conducting Reviews for Sponsors for Sponsored Public Reviews or Sponsored Private Reviews, 2) conducting Reviews and accessing data, of your own volition, for Public Reviews, or 3) engaging in Sponsorship of Sysrevs (see Sponsor Agreement).  You may not use Sysrev in any way that 1) is unlawful, 2) harms Sysrev (e.g. to support a competing platform, product, or solution), violates this Agreement, or 4) could damage, disable, overburden, or impair Sysrev or its connected networks, interferes with any other party’s use of Sysrev, or otherwise undermines the integrity of Sysrev or any of its features.  You are obligated to report potential abuses of use or exploitations of the Sysrev system and associated technologies, and to not disclose them publicly.  You may not use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools on this Site excepting for accessing public data from Public Reviews.

    - 3.4 Feedback: Insilica may implement mechanisms allowing Insilica and others to track your performance of Reviews and rate your performance as a Contract Reviewer, and we reserve the right to collect that feedback related to you and to pose that feedback on Sysrev.

    - 3.5 Insilica Provided Materials: Insilica may make available certain software, application programming interfaces, services, documents, sample Reviews, and related materials and information related to the usage of Sysrev and proper conducting of Reviews (collectively, “Sysrev Resources”).  Insilica grants each Contract Reviewer a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Sysrev Resources in connection with the permitted use of Sysrev and conducting of Reviews.  Except as permitted by this Section, you obtain no rights under this Agreement from us or licensors of Sysrev Materials, including any related intellectual property rights.  If you provide feedback about the Sysrev Materials, Insilica has full rights to that feedback without compensation to you.

    - 3.6 Beta Tests: Insilica may offer access to confidential, preview, beta, or similarly designated pre-release version of Sysrev Resources, Sysrev itself, or other technologies and services associated with Sysrev and its associated technologies, or the evaluation and testing thereof (collectively, “Beta Tests”).  If you participate in a Beta Test that is designated as confidential, you will keep all information about that Beta Test and your participation confidential until we give the explicit authorization to disclose said information.  You also agree that 1) the Beta Test materials are works in progress and may contain bugs, errors, or other defects, 2) participating in Beta Tests is at your own risk and we are not liable for loss of data or other damage caused by Beta Tests, 3) you will comply with all policies and guidelines, made available prior to you prior to the Beta Test, related to Beta Tests, 4) Insilica may add or modify restrictions related to access or use of Beta Test materials or suspend or terminate participation in any Beta Test, at any time without or without cost, 5) if you provide feedback about a Beta Test, Insilica has full rights to use that feedback without restriction, 6) you will not provide your Beta Test access to any other person, 7) Insilica has no obligation to make Beta Test materials or the Beta Test itself generally available, and 8) participation in a Beta Test in no way construes anything other than an Independent Contractor relationship as described in Section 3.2.

- 4\. Payment Processing.  Insilica may use the services of any proprietary or third party means, solution, product, or platform in association with the payment to Contract Reviewers for Reviews financed by Sponsors (collectively, “Payment Methods”).  By utilizing any payment methods within the Sysrev Platform, User agrees to all associated terms and conditions.

    - 4.1 Sponsor Verification and Validation: Insilica is responsible with maintaining contracted relationships with all Sponsors, including the verification and validation of their ability to pay for Reviews.

    - 4.2 Pricing: The price per review is dictated at the sole discretion of the Sponsor.  Conducting a review constitutes acceptance of the price listed for said review.  Contract Reviewers forfeit all rights to price negotiation.  Insilica makes no warrant or guarantee as to how individual Reviews will be priced.

    - 4.3 Payment To Contract Reviewers: Insilica will make monthly payments to the Contract Reviewers no later than the tenth (10th) of the month for any work conducted in the prior month.  A Review must be completed in order to qualify for payment.

      Insilica will make monthly payments to the Contract Reviewers via the PayPal Platform.  Unless otherwise stated, Contract Reviewers must have an active PayPal account to conduct Reviews for monetary compensation.  At Insilica’s sole discretion, Insilica may elect to disburse monetary compensation directly to an ACH-enabled bank account, or any other means.  In this instance, Insilica will require the Contract Reviewer to supply the necessary information including bank account information.

      Any conversion from US currency (USD) to the currency of the country in which your PayPal account, ACH-enabled bank account, or other financial institution is located will take place at the exchange rate received by us from our service provider at the time the disbursement is initiated, and may include additional fees and charges we incur for the currency conversion.  Funds will only be dispersed in compliance with this Agreement, and applicable laws and regulations.  Contract Reviewers may not share a PayPal Account, ACH-enabled bank account, or other account.  We reserve the right to require additional information to verify your identity or any of your billing information.

      Contract Reviewers will be notified in advance of any changes to the Payment Policy herein.

    - 4.4 Authorizations: You authorize us, and third-party service providers or agents acting on our behalf, to hold, receive and disburse funds in accordance with the payment instructions of Sponsored Reviews for which you conducted reviews.  Your authorization permits us to 1) debit your PayPal account or ACH-enabled bank account (including by generating a paper draft or an electronic funds transfer), 2) transfer, disburse, or process other payment transactions associated with Reviews, 3) settle payment for any fees that may be charged under this Agreement, and 4) make, directly or through third parties, inquires to validate the information that you provide to us.  If there is an error in the processing of any transaction described above, you authorize us to debit your PayPal account or ACH-enabled bank account to correct the error.  If we are unable to debit your PayPal account or ACH-enabled bank account for any reason, you authorize us to resubmit the debit, plus any applicable fees, to any other PayPal account or ACH enabled bank account or payment instrument that you have on file with us.  Your authorizations will remain in force and effect while you maintain your status as a Contract Reviewer on Sysrev for any PayPal Account ACH-enabled bank account you provide.

    - 4.5 Taxes: You agree that it is your sole responsibility to determine any and all taxes and duties incurred or required to be collected, or paid for any reason in connection with any conducting of Reviews, your use of Sysrev, or otherwise in connection with any action, inaction, or omission of you or any affiliate of yours, or any of your or their respective employees, agents, contractors, or representatives (collectively, “Taxes) and to collect, withhold, report, and remit correct Taxes to the appropriate tax authority, and to otherwise be responsible for the collection and payment of all Taxes.  WE MAY WITHHOLD AND REPORT ON PAYMENTS TO CONTRACT REVIEWERS TO TAXING AUTHORITIES.  YOU AGREE THAT WE ARE NOT OBLIGATED TO DETERMINE WHETHER TAXES APPLY AND WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE TO COLLECT OR REMIT ANY TAXES ARISING FROM THE USE OF SYSREV OR PARTICIPATION IN A REVIEW.

- 5\. Compliance.  In connection with your use of Sysrev, you will comply with all applicable laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, orders, licenses, permits, judgements, decisions, and other requirements of any governmental authority that has jurisdiction over you.  You represent and warrant that neither you nor your financial institutions(s) are subject to sanctions or otherwise designated on any list of prohibited or restricted parties or owned or controlled by such a party, including but not limited to the lists maintained by the United Nations Security Council, the U.S. Government, the European Union or its member states, or any other applicable government authority.  We reserve the right to monitor and investigate any Reviews, submissions, transaction, activity, or content associated with your use of Sysrev or your account, and take any action that we deem appropriate.

- 6\. Use Of Information & Confidentiality.

    - 6.1 Insilica Use Of Information: By visiting or registering for Sysrev, you authorize the collection, use, and disclosure of information.  In addition, we may share certain information about you to other Sysrev participants in order to facilitate the service relationship and improve the site, including, for example, account numbers, feedback, ratings, and other attributes related to your use of the Site.

    - 6.2 Security Of Reviewer Information: We work to protect the security of your information by using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the personal information you provide.  We use your ACH-enabled bank account information only for the purpose of disbursing funds to said account as necessitated by your work as a Public Reviewer.  It is important that you take care to protect against unauthorized access to your password and your computer.  Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.

    - 6.3 Your Use of Information: Except for work product you receive from Reviews conducted, you may only use information or other data acquired from your use of Sysrev solely as necessary to use Sysrev and for no other purpose (e.g. solicitation, advertising, marketing, unsolicited emails or spamming, harassment, invasion of privacy, or otherwise objectionable conduct).  Any public data on Public Reviews is exempt from this clause and may be used in whichever manner the Public Reviewer so choose so long as that usage complies with all applicable laws and regulations.

    - 6.4 Confidentiality: You may receive information relating to Insilica or Sysrev and its associated technologies that is not known to the general public (“Confidential Information”).  You agree that 1) all Confidential Information will remain the exclusive right of Insilica, 2) you will use the Confidential Information only as required by your participation as a Contract Reviewer, and 3) you will not otherwise disclose Confidential Information to any other person.  Unless you have received our explicit and written permission, you may not issue any press release related to Sysrev or your use of it.

- 7\. Termination.  Insilica may terminate this Agreement, terminate or suspend your account and access to Sysrev, or remove any Review offerings without notice for any reason.  Upon any termination or suspension of this Agreement, your right to use Sysrev will cease, and you will not be able to retrieve any information related to your account.  At termination, your account balance, less any amounts you owe us due to breach of contract, will be disbursed to your ACH-enabled bank account by the tenth (10th) of the following month.

## MISCELLANEOUS

- 1\. Warranties.  Sysrev, Sysrev Resources, and Review requests are provided on an ‘AS IS’ basis.  You expressly agree that the use of Sysrev and its associated technologies, Sysrev Resources, Payment Methods, and Reviews are at your sole risk.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of Sysrev, Sysrev Resources, or Reviews.  Insilica does warrant as follows: 1) it shall use sound and professional knowledge, skill, judgement, principles, and practices in accordance with the professional and industry standards in its performance of services under the MSA; 2) Insilica shall comply will all applicable laws, ordinances, codes, rules and regulations in in performing the services under this MSA; 3) Insilica has verified and validated all Sponsors ability to Sponsor and subsequently pay Reviewers, 4) Insilica will pay Reviewers in accordance with this Agreement or to commercially reasonable standards given outside forces, and 5) it has the right to enter into and provide services under this Agreement.

- 2\. Indemnification.  Each Party (“Indemnitor”) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party (“Indemnitee”) from and against any third party losses, liabilities, costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) or damages resulting from any third party claim arising from (i) a breach of Indemnitor’s Representations and Warranties in Section 12, (ii) property damage or personal injury caused by the Indemnitor, its employees, subcontractors or agents, and (iii) any amounts including taxes, interest, and penalties assessed against an Indemnitee which are obligations of the Indemnitor, provided that for all of the foregoing, (X) the Indemnitee promptly notifies the Indemnitor in writing of the claim, provided, further, that no delay on the part of Indemnitee in notifying the Indemnitor will relieve the Indemnitor of any liability or obligations hereunder, except to the extent that the Indemnitor has been materially prejudiced thereby, and then only to such extent; (Y) Indemnitee cooperates with the Indemnitor; and (Z) allows Indemnitor sole authority to control the defense and settlement of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indemnitor will not settle any third-party claim against Indemnitee unless such settlement completely and forever releases Indemnitee in writing from all liability with respect to such claim or unless Indemnitee consents to such settlement. Indemnitee has the right, at its option and expense, to defend itself against any such claim or to participate in the defense thereof by counsel of its own choice at Indemnitee’s sole expense. THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 8 STATE THE ENTIRE LIABILITY AND OBLIGATIONS OF A PARTY AND THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF THE OTHER PARTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY VIOLATION OR INFRINGEMENT OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PATENTS, TRADE SECRETS AND COPYRIGHTS, BY THE SERVICES OR ANY PART THEREOF.

- 3\. Exclusions and Limitations of Liability.

  EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO CLIENT’S PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS, OR EACH PARTY’S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 8, OR CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 6, OR USE OF SITE OBLIGATIONS IN SECTION 3, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR AMOUNTS FOR LOSS OF INCOME, PROFITS OR SAVINGS, REGARDLESS OF THE NATURE OF THE CLAIM, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO EACH PARTY’S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 8, OR CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 6, THE CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS MSA, INCLUDING ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY OR STRICT LIABILITY, WILL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF ALL FEES PAID OR PAYABLE INSILICA UNDER THE STATEMENT OF WORK UNDER WHICH THE CLAIM AROSE DURING THE TWELVE (12)-MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE ACT, OMISSION OR OCCURRENCE GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 9 WILL APPLY IN THE EVENT OF LOSS, DAMAGE AND/OR BREACH OF DATA BY INSILICA.

- 4\. Governing Law/Jurisdiction.  This MSA shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland, USA without reference to its choice of law principles.

- 5\. Modifications.

    - 5.1 Modifications To Sysrev: Insilica may modify, suspend, or discontinue Sysrev and its associated technologies, in whole or in part, at any time without notice.

    - 5.2 Modifications To This Agreement: Insilica may modify this Agreement in the future by posting the modified terms on Sysrev.  Continued use of Sysrev will constitute your acceptance of the modified terms.

- 6\. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement and any documents incorporated by reference constitutes the parties’ entire Agreement and understanding and supersedes all prior communications, understandings, representations, negotiations and discussions, written or oral, between the Parties.

- 7\. Assignment.  You may not assign or transfer any rights, obligations, or privileges that you have under this Agreement without our prior written consent.  We may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time without notice.  Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be binding on each party’s successors and permitted assigns.  Any assignment or transfer in violation of this section will be deemed null and void.

- 8\. Severability.  Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted as valid under applicable law.  If any provision in this Agreement or in any instrument or document delivered pursuant to this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected or impaired.

- 9\. No Waiver.  Any failure by a Party to insist upon the performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under the Agreement or future performance of that provision.

- 10\. Notices.  All notices relating to this Agreement will be sent by email or posted to Sysrev.  You consent to receiving direct emails or messages via the Sysrev Platform from Insilica from time to time.  Email notices or notices posted on the Sysrev Platform are deemed written notices for all intents and purposes for which written notices may be required.  Email notices are deemed received when sent.
